[FLINK-18598][python][docs] Add instructions for asynchronous execute in PyFlink doc. (#13295)
apache/flink: docs/dev/python/faq.md

$ python xxx.py
{% endhighlight %}

> **Note:** When performing asynchronous instructions in a LocalStreamEnvironment, remember to block the process, or it 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If you run jobs in mini-cluster asynchronously, you need to make use of `JobClient` to wait for jobs to finish.
```

$ python xxx.py
{% endhighlight %}

> **Note:** When running jobs in mini-cluster asynchronously, remember to  get a `JobClient` to wait for the execution to 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** When executing jobs in mini-cluster asynchronously (e.g. TableEnvironment.execute_sql, StatementSet.execute, etc in the Python Table API; StreamExecutionEnvironment.execute_async in the Python DataStream API), remember to wait for the execution to 
```
